This is a VERY brief intro to tcm-hybrid
(Originally TexasNet Connection Monitoring Bot.)

[I've quickly modified this document because people were getting confused
with the original README.  its by far incomplete. Any volunteers? ;-) -db]

I. What it does

  Its main function is to identify people who abuse the local server
  in general.  It identifies potential clonebotters (more than 3
  connections from a host in 15 seconds), potential bot-runners (more
  than 1 active connection from the same userhost), potential infinitely
  reconnecting bots (counts the number of rejected connections from a
  given userhost due to K-lines, server full, etc.), and counts the
  number of connections from each domain on the server.  It does NOT
  hold a channel, give out ops, kill or kick people, or join/part
  channels on request.

  Clonebot detection is done proactively (i.e. it notifies any opers
  of clonebots as they are detected).  The other functions listed
  above are tracked, but only reported when asked for.

II. What it needs

    1. A local O-line on the server.  In order to
       get the info needed to monitor the bot has to be opered, despite
       how much I hate opered bots. (I agree with that -db)

       Note that in Hybrid 7, local operators no longer exist.  Limit
       the bots power by using the flags provided.

III. How to use it

  Unzip it, untar it, read this file. :)  Then edit the config.h file,
  changing whatever you need to or feel like. 
  Run configure, make and you should be done the compile.

  Finally, edit tcm.cf, userlist.cf and fill in your local O line
  etc. The provided tcm.cf and userlist.cf should have enough
  examples to get you going. 

  Unlike the original tcm, this tcm puts itself into the background.
  "bin/tcm" is all you need

  Once the tcm is running, it is controlled via DCC CHAT.  If you
  open a DCC CHAT connection to the tcm, it will announce you and
  tell you about the help command.  Play around with any of the
  commands you want.

  Note that the tcm will now allow you do issue /msg tcmnick .chat
  and initiate the DCC CHAT.  This allows people behind restrictive
  firewalls or NAT's to use TCM.

  If you have a DCC CHAT to the tcm open, it will automatically send
  you reports of possible clonebot connections and notices of any
  other users/opers connecting/disconnecting from the monitor tcm.
  The bot also announces all potential clonebots (as they connect)
  to the channel it is on.  This channel defaults to "&monitor".

  (The original doc for this is in HISTORY/README)

Diane Bruce, db@db.net
