This is an update of the Hendrix bot tcm. 

1) Found and fixed two memory leaks.

2) clone report will now suggest a kline to use for cloners.
   Very easy to cut and paste to suit. (Shadowfax can now beat me
   doing a clone kline)

3) If you have +n compatible with LT, tcm will report nick flooders
   and will update the nicks shown in the bot list.

4) two new commands added "clear" clears and retraces to update the
   bot list. Probably of limited value to those of you with +n
   "nflood" reports the current nick flooders.

5) moved the OPER name password into config.h for convenience.
   ditto with the DOMAIN (for BSDi) 

6) "stole" some ideas from garfr and talen
   unrecognized commands will now be sent to all connected users
   i.e. a "chat line"

7) clonebots and nick flooders are now logged in a date stamped
   log. "clone_log_mm_dd_yy" I'll be changing that to email
   etc. later on. 

v0.3.2

8) found missing #include <time.h> SUNOS needs
   also missing Makefile (duh!)

9) added support for teletypes slightly different version of nick
   flood reporting. (He may have fixed it back to be compatible with LT)
   (#define TELETYPE_NIH if you  need this :-) HI teletype!! )

v0.3.3

v0.3.4 was small typo bug fix to  v0.3.3 *sigh*

10) Found Solaris bug preventing dcc chat to the bot to work.
    Its what I thought it was. :-) /dcc chat sends the precalculate
    sin_addr to use as a decimal. strtol under SOLARIS signed
    extended and munges the address. I can't think of any systems
    where strtol() wouldn't munge the address... except possibly
    one where long long (64) numbers were standard.. let me know.

11) Put everything under RCS control. About fripping time.
    I'll include the ,v in any release I do from now on.

12) Fixed the bot so that updates can be done on the fly with 
    a kill -HUP pid on the host machine

13) userlist is now derived from doing a stats O on the server
    no more separate userlist.load needed

14) OPER_ONLY define in config.h for admins who don't want non-opers
    connecting to tcm

15) CONFIG_FILE a config file for usernick, realname, server, port etc.
    is now defined in config.h sample file "tcm.cf" included

16) opers may now send messages on the partyline to only other opers
    (not other users who may be happened to be connected) by prefacing
    the messages with 'o:' or 'O:' each oper connected will then see
    [Opers Only]<nick> message...

17) tcm will email recipients given in E: line in tcm.cf copies
    of the previous night clone logs. This should happen just
    after the next clone report occurs just after midnight.
    SIGUSR1 could be commandeered to force this, with an entry
    in the crontab. be my guest. :-)

18) CS style nick flooding reports and clone flood reports are
    now at least logged, and a suggested kline is given.

19) Phisher's AUTO_KLINE code is included if you want to try it.
    Shadowfax doesn't like the idea but you might.

  - Dianora, Tue Dec 17 21:56:20 EST 1996
    db@diana.intacc.net
 
v0.3.5 

20) op command added i.e. you can op yourself from the dcc connection
    using "op nick" on the channel the bot sits on at 

21) REMOTE_KLINE if defined, this will allow someone to do a kline
    from the bot command line. You will note, that load_userlist()
    has been added back, which means you could allow someone to
    kline bots from the bot, who isn't an o/O on your server...
    (gentle hint, linked tcms......) (this was mbundy's idea)
    
22) AUTO_KILL_NICK_FLOODING if defined, in config.h
    nick flooders are only killed, not k-lined.
    should work for both CS and non CS servers. This can be defined
    without AUTO_KLINE

23) AUTO_KILL_LINK_LOOKERS, if defined, in config.h
    will kill link lookers. Look at the configurable parameters for
    this in config.h As shipped, if someone does a link look four times
    and the last time they do the links is within 35 seconds of the
    penultimate link look, they get killed.
    If you do 3 links and then don't do any for at least 35 seconds
    all memory of you doing a links is forgotten.
    (amm wanted this one. so. he has it) 

24) autopilot command. you can now turn on AUTO_KLINE/AUTO modes
    from the dcc chat to the tcm. As you join the tcm party line,
    the current state of the autopilot flag is announced.

  - Dianora, Tue Dec 31 20:29:09 EST 1996
    db@diana.intacc.net

v0.3.6 

  This release is primarily a bug fix/stabilize things 

25) AUTO link look kill was broken on +th servers. To my horror, I 
    discovered +th servers add a '' bit at the beginning of the LINKS
    notice to include the possible server option. This has been taken
    account of here.

26) userlist.c *sigh* I forgot to change the #ifdef's to account
    for AUTO kill features but NO AUTO KLINE
    This means, the hostlist wasn't loaded. AUTO kill features check
    the hostlist as well.

27) I've put in some extra code in do_stats_o() to ensure that
    lame O lines aren't used. I have seen "*.*" as an O-line... that
    means ANY user that connects to tcm is seen as an oper. not good.
    Yes. I am going to do a /whois next version to ensure clients
    that connect ARE opers...

28) removed a tiny bit of code that was being called at startup
    to look for command line give bot nick, channel etc. No point now
    with tcm.cf

29) folded in Toast's changes this adds kclone, kbot and fixes the
    dumb mistake _I_ made. The original idea for remote kline came
    from mbundy I believe...

30) Some contributed ircii scripts are included in this distribution.
    Look in the subdir "scripts"

    Da5id's noclone script is included, it interfaces with the
    output of tcm and saves some typing. Look in the subdir
    noclone.. Thanks Da5id

    A script someone (larz?) gave me from primenet is also included
    it allows one oper to remote kline etc. from one client.
    look in the subdir primenet.

31) I got sick and tired of accidentally k-lining people, so
    I have changed all commands to require a '.' command character.
    You can pretend you are on an eggdrop bot now. (The commands
    are not the same though. but you can pretend)

32) A message of the day function has been added, due to a request
    from the primenet team. (Larz) Anyway. 
    it was simple to add. I might get around to putting time
    stamping on it, so its not seen every single time, but
    not today.

33) working with EA I found where the core dump problem was with Linux
    and NetBSD... zaph then sent me a fix, I've included some of
    his suggestions but the fix is mine.

34) virtual host support. New key letter, 'V' in tcm.cf

  - Dianora, Fri Mar  7 16:19:10 EST 1997

N.B. the new email addresses

	db@db.net, db@ottawa.net

v0.3.7

What I decided to do from now on, is use the least significant digit
for minor bug fix releases.. adding no new features, just fixing
bugs... This emulates what sendmail is doing now.. So the next
formal major release will be v0.4.0 ... about fripping time I think.

bugs bugs bugs fixed

35) broken 'O:' message only code, plus some fairly dead code, removed.

36) non-opers could op themselves using the .op command .. tsk tsk.. 

37) Missing space in the "LINKS requested by" 

38) I missed one of Toasts mods.. oops. thanks Toast

39) missing check for already free member in clearhash()

  - Dianora, Sun Mar 23 13:40:59 EST 1997
    db@ottawa.net, db@db.net

v0.4.0

40) Remote opers have to register now for all remote kline functions
    I have added a new command ".register password" format of
    userlist.load has been changed, look at userlist.load for
    instructions.

41) services is messaged for global clone reports, time interval
    is configurable in config.h

42) Rudimentary tcm linking has been added, look at userlist.load
    and botlist.load for instructions. ".gline" command has been
    added. Every bot list in userlist.load with "k" in privs
    will add a kline if this message is sent while the bots are linked.

43) Along with rudimentary tcm linking, there is an added prefix ':'
    that can be used to send a command to a remotely linked tcm.
    Read "help.linking" file

44) Added .ignore tcmnick and .lignore commands to ignore spam
    from linked tcm's, it does not affect normal chat.

45) ".clear" command removed and split into ".rehash" and ".trace"
    rehash reloads userlist/botlist, trace traces server.

46) some dead code was removed from main() cleanups here and there were made

47) split help file text into separate files because of heavy demand. :-)
    read the file "help" to see how this works.

  - Dianora, Fri Apr 25 16:56:00 EDT 1997
    db@ottawa.net, db@db.net

v0.4.1

48) bug fixes. fixed name clash OPERS_ONLY (duh) in config.h/tcm.h file

49) reworked bothunt.c so it will understand the trace format as used
    on irc1.texas.net, also in the process made chopuh() a little
    more robust

  - Dianora, Sat May  3 12:27:41 EDT 1997
    db@ottawa.net, db@db.net

v0.4.2

50) fixed broken remote kline code (arghhhh)

51) fixed broken link look code, and made it NOT report local opers
    who link look at all. Also include the +th server name on link look.

52) added .ca services code from Chris Portman (chris@istar.net)

53) added .command @tcmnick handling code

54) added anti-routing loop code (I hope it works)

55) added some anti-dns-spoofing code. I really can't do much just yet
    but its coming... it throws off users with a four character or
    higher top level domain (yes, I know about alternic, yes.. I know
    it will need a #define :-) )

56) it will now kill or kline global cloners as set up in config.h

57) local logging of klines/kills etc. is done now

  - Dianora, Sun Jun  1 14:06:49 EDT 1997

v0.4.3

58) grrr no one caught it in alpha/beta testing... using AUTO_KILL
    but not AUTO_KLINE meant userathost was undefined in bothunt.c
    This tiny release just fixes that.

59) combined all .load files into one userlist.cf no more separate
    userlist.load botlist.load hostlist.load etc.

60) added anti-dns spoofing code, looks up hostname on local tcm host

61) consolidated date/time for KLINE log etc. in one function, 

62) ANSI'fied a pile of code, getting there slowly....

63) fixed a STOOPID buffer overrun with linked tcm's (I hope, alpha
    test should confirm that) this would core all the connected
    tcm's (YES my face is red, YES I am hiding under a rock)

64) added stats L code, cleaned up #defines for ANTI_DNS_SPOOFING

65) added 'N:' to userlist.cf, its redundant, but self documenting
    of added tcm link bots.

  - Dianora, Thu Jul 17 02:59:19 EDT 1997

v0.4.4b2 - This is an BETA version, basically a version
that will be released with bug fixes only, no more feature adds.
This code is released only with the understanding that certain features are
needed ASAP in the field. i.e. don't bug me if it breaks majorly,
I'm still working on it. :-) Some of the help files
have been updated. If you want to update help files hint hint hint
Bug fixes are welcome.

66) added proper hash table lookup to command lookups, simplifies
    code, probably faster, just looks cleaner.

67) put all global config entries into a struct, makes the code
    cleaner looking IMO.

68) added .unkline, .dline, temp klines are done now by doing
    .kline [time] [nick|user@host] reason 

69) added HYBRID define to remove date stamping from suggested kline
    this also gives you the option of temporary klines etc.

70) added option of temporary auto klines

71) anti DNS spoofing is much much faster but only for hybrid.
    support for any other method has been removed. i.e. the code
    now uses the IP# as given on the +c connect message
    the tcm doesn't lag now

72) messages sent to the tcm can optionally be seen by users on the tcm
    see .set command 

73) a subset of server notices can optionally be seen by user on the tcm
    see .set command

74) set command added, allows you to turn on or off seeing of
    messages from users or server notices.

75) added CALVIN option for c-com use primarily, read config.h

76) added class counting/tracking code viewable on .list, .bots
    .class and .classt commands. See help.admin

77) added timed clone checking, i.e. scan for local clones automatically
    even if the original clone detection method misses them.

78) added reverse dcc chat, opers can /msg tcm .chat
    perfect for opers behind firewalls.

79) fixed bug where tcm would go nutso, it was due to an error with
    remote TCM_PORT binding etc. just ignore error for now and go on.

80) added 'B' lines, user@host can be banned from dcc chatting the tcm

81) added 'R' flags, to allow or disallow local tcm opers from doing
    remote klines etc.

82) added virtual clone support new commands .vlist .vbots, this needs
    VIRTUAL defined in config.h

83) .ban can add and remove bans

  - Dianora, Sat Apr 11 21:24:41 EDT 1998

tcm-dianova-v0.4.4b4

84) Fixed stupid in Makefile for Solaris

84) added DETECT_WINGATE code (still experimental)

85) fixed .chat I think. dcc chat is such a kludge. ick.
    
  - Dianora, Sat Aug 29 16:24:57 EDT 1998

86) This list got way too long, hasn't been maintained in ages..
    basically, tcm-dianora is now tcm-hybrid 

